---
title: "Anthropic声明称Claude Fable 5出口管制已解除，将于明天全球重新上线。值得注意的是，声明中称：“一些常规任务如编码和调试将回退至 Op…"
source: "https://x.com/fxtrader/status/2072227983239360674"
author:
  - "[[@fxtrader]]"
tweet_type: "quote"
tweet_id: "2072227983239360674"
published: 2026-07-01
published_at: "2026-07-01T07:57:05.000Z"
created: "2026-07-01"
description: "Anthropic声明称Claude Fable 5出口管制已解除，将于明天全球重新上线。值得注意的是，声明中称：“一些常规任务如编码和调试将回退至 Opus 4.8”，也就是编码任务可能会受限无法使用该模型。另外该模型仅提供7天试用，之后将按量付费使用。"
tags:
  - "news"
  - "twitter"
---

Anthropic声明称Claude Fable 5出口管制已解除，将于明天全球重新上线。值得注意的是，声明中称：“一些常规任务如编码和调试将回退至 Opus 4.8”，也就是编码任务可能会受限无法使用该模型。另外该模型仅提供7天试用，之后将按量付费使用。

> 引用内容

> Claude Fable 5 will be available again globally tomorrow.
> 
> After a series of productive conversations with the US government, we're redeploying the model with a new set of classifiers to target and block more cybersecurity tasks. In the near term, some routine tasks like coding and debugging will fall back to Opus 4.8. We’ll continue to refine these classifiers over the coming weeks to reduce false positives and better distinguish genuine misuse from legitimate requests.
> 
> We’ve also begun drafting a consensus framework—with Amazon, Microsoft, Google, and other Glasswing partners—for assessing the severity of AI jailbreaks and how AI developers should respond to them. We invite other industry partners and model providers to join us in this effort.
> 
> Finally, we’re scaling up our collaboration with the US government on model testing and safeguards. This will include pre-release access to models and safeguards for evaluation, information sharing on jailbreaks and misuse, and dedicated resources for joint research.
> 
> Thank you to our users for your patience, and to our partners across the government, industry, and the research community who worked alongside us to make Fable 5 available again. 
> 
> Read our full blog: https://www.anthropic.com/news/redeploying-fable-5

> 原帖：<https://x.com/AnthropicAI/status/2072163884430229756>

## 来源
<https://x.com/fxtrader/status/2072227983239360674>
